hi educate today will be a
grass lamp I made using
just recyclable things those
that when you buy
violet and pet bottle
the bottle pet people i just cut the
from san that top of it
and sharp to cut this part right here
in that game he can leave where the
people went to the cap
is important too and was thus
People are the color you want a
vasinho people these vases something easy
to find the ones we buy
as well not usually violent and
people wind up playing outside after me
they just painted out painted color
brown and in here I put
flasher
but if you do not want to use the
Flasher can use any
luminaires in excess that we think
in the stores of 1 99
There are some roundabouts that are super
baratinha around $ 4 and is led
so it does not heat because people
It has to be a lamp that does not
warm up because this here is plastic, right?
so there is no danger, it has to be
something is led but it is usually
you find any place to
do the polka dots here that are
cherries in this one I used durepoxi
in this other one I used styrofoam balls
so this if you have balls of
code or the perfume bottle or
cream that is rounded also serves
There you go, whatever you find in your house.
You can do it.
so people get really cool the format
of the media is depending on the pet bottle that
you use you have a little format
different in the upper part then these
I only did several dinho rounds of
guarana
usually all of guaraná have this
Round shape on the top and
coca cola has this finer part
that up there is going according to the
Your taste can do with anyone.
just so important that it's a bottle
pet two liters because such fits
Right here in the pot
OK
I had this idea of ​​doing this
lamp that I stayed because I
I got none from my husband on
super beautiful mothers and I recorded a video and
one person asked me if it was me
that I did
This one I won her from Mother's Day
And she's very beautiful, I do not know where my
husband bought it and gave it to me
but then ask me if it was me
So people I did not do that.
but there through it I had the idea of
to do the one that practically comes out so I
I did not like anything to do all the
things
I was here at home so people are
so you and I used craft ink
to paint is the carnival asks more if
Do not you have the ink of
Crafts can paint with enamel
Enamel has a very nice color that stays
nice too
but this craft paint compensates
because it's very cheap and you think
anywhere is around 2550 one
most cute little pot
ok if you want to learn only the
video to start we'll need
a sawdust knife to warm her up
stove to cut off that part of the
bottle where we put the lid and
will be a little hole
We'll book while I
I'll paint the vases so on its
choose the color can be any color
and while it dries I go decorating the
parts of the pet bottle that will be the
our lamp or the cup cake
so I caught a drop of coca cola and
I will paint her pink and if you
you want to make some nice
To do this in this one I just tried and
In this other one I painted her white and
I made some embellishments on top as if it were
a frosting
There I painted in pink and painted
then I took a bic pen and I go
use this pen with a scorer
I was making the balls in black to be
the granules and became super cute
now just paste the cherry
and here I am passing the flashing
he stays there inside the little pot
empty it is already stuck underneath then
it was very easy
The result was this is very easy to
I did and I did not like anything to do.
this lamp
So these are people if you liked
video does not forget giving a couple of
share and if you have any
idea any suggestions to make the
next video just write here in
low down